feat(android): add Amplify Android Developer Preview (#4291)
aws-amplify/docs: src/fragments/lib/devpreview/android/getting_started/10_intro.mdx

> The Developer Preview of the Amplify Android Library is now exclusively using Kotlin and provides developers the ability to add cloud-based Auth, Storage, Data, and APIs to their apps. With this version, developers will be able to debug and contribute to the underlying open-source codebase completely in Kotlin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Developer Preview of the Amplify Android Library is now exclusively using Kotlin and provides developers the ability to add cloud-based Auth, Storage, DataStore, and APIs to their apps. With this version, developers will be able to debug and contribute to the underlying open-source codebase completely in Kotlin.
```

This developer preview version of Amplify Android is layered on the [AWS SDK for Kotlin](https://aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-kotlin), which was released as Developer Preview last year. This allows for access to the AWS SDK for Kotlin for a breadth of service-centric APIs.

> You can also quickly get started by using our [Photo Sharing Sample App](https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-android-samples/tree/dev-preview).

Reviewer: The current link goes to 404 page not found.
```suggestion
You can also quickly get started by using our [Photo Sharing Sample App](https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-android-samples/tree/main/PhotoSharing).
```
